Gmpv3 (#1904)
Analog-Labs/timechain: gmp/evm/gateway/README.md

## Analog's Contracts

**This repository contains all the necessary ingredients for successful cross-chain development utilizing the Analog General Message Passing protocol.**

## Dependencies

> This project uses **Forge** Ethereum testing framework (like Truffle, Hardhat and DappTools).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project uses **Forge** Solidity development framework (like Truffle, Hardhat and DappTools).
```
